Yan Lun long time no see
The boy pretended to be the Lord of God, you are guilty
Impersonating God
Yan Lun
On that day, you and Xu Ding joined forces with foreign enemies to attack me
The country was almost lost
How long has it been?
You forgot all this
I still remember
Only the Lord God himself knows this
This kid is the exalted lord
My god is dead
This guy?
It has already received the inheritance of the true god
Before he had truly cultivated all the techniques of the Lord God
The roots should be eradicated
You can have a try.
Humph boy is ridiculous
Just because you dare to pretend to be my junior brother
Today I'm going to do the right thing for heaven
Kill you, a waste pretending to be a god
kid
The master taught you
You have no memory at all